in order to implement this solution, i considered the best approach to achieve this given the nature of the problem statement. This approach includes;
- Adopting the use of background service which runs on the background because the problem statement stated to write a program that watch an input folder directory for new files created. So I considered using a background service to always listen to the input folder directory for any newly created file.
- I took the decision of running the background service at every 5hrs interval, this can also be adjusted to suit whatever time interval that is desired.
- I also took the decision of selecting the required node values from the XML File needed for renaming the PDF file instead of just selecting all nodes and having to loop through the nodes to get the required nodes. This in turn will save the background service run time and cost of compute storage while looping through all nodes.
- A crucial observation i took note of was wrapping my "ProcessXL" method in a Try-Catch block so as to be able to catch and log any error alongside the stack trace and inner exception that occured while trying to process the XML file.
- Another decision i took in the course of this task was the choice of logging tool. I chose to use the built-in logging tool provided by .NET as I tried avoiding to install any external nugget package into my solution for logging into any folder directory. As this will keep my solution lightweight. The current use of logging tool provided by .NET just log the errors and information onto the console.
